Add Docker to Observability Pipelines setup guides (#18961)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/setup/datadog.md

### Provider-specific requirements
{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Docker" %}}

> There are no provider-specific requirements for Docker.

Reviewer: We should synchronize this and the Splunk guide, as they give different "provider-specific" instructions for Docker.

Author: Good catch! Forgot to update it here.

## Installing the Observability Pipelines Worker

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Docker" %}}

The Observability Pipelines Worker Docker image is published to Docker Hub [here][1].

> 1. Download the [sample pipeline configuration file][2]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Download the [sample pipeline configuration file][2].
```

2. Run the following command to start the Observability Pipelines Worker with Docker:
    ```
    docker run -i -e DD_API_KEY=<API_KEY> \
      -e DD_OP_PIPELINE_ID=<PIPELINE_ID> \
      -e DD_SITE=<SITE> \
      -p 8282:8282 \
      -v datadog.yaml:/etc/observability-pipelines-worker/pipeline.yaml:ro \
      datadog/observability-pipelines-worker run
    ```

>     Where `datadog.yaml` is the sample configuration you downloaded in the previous step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `datadog.yaml` is the sample configuration you downloaded in Step 1.
```

    sudo systemctl restart observability-pipelines-worker
    ```

[1]: /resources/yaml/observability_pipelines/quickstart/datadog.yaml
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Load balancing

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Docker" %}}

> No built-in support for load-balancing is provided, given the single-machine nature of the installation. You will need to provision your own load balancers using whatever your company's standard is.

Reviewer: I'm not 100% sold on the idea of leaving load balancing instructions here, since I'd rather leave a note that Docker used like this is not a supported production configuration. If they're testing on their Mac, they shouldn't need this.

Author: How about something like this?
> Production-oriented setup is not covered by these Docker instructions, and you should defer to your company's standards for load balancing in containerized environments. If you are testing on your local machine, configuring a load balancer is unnecessary.

Reviewer: I like that!

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Docker" %}}

> Production-oriented setup is not covered by these Docker instructions, and you should defer to your company's standards for load balancing in containerized environments. If you are testing on your local machine, configuring a load balancer is unnecessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Production-oriented setup is not included in the Docker instructions. Instead, refer to your company's standards for load balancing in containerized environments. If you are testing on your local machine, configuring a load balancer is unnecessary.
```

Observability Pipelines includes multiple buffering strategies that allow you to increase the resilience of your cluster to downstream faults. The provided sample configurations use disk buffers, the capacities of which are rated for approximately 10 minutes of data at 10Mbps/core for Observability Pipelines deployments. That is often enough time for transient issues to resolve themselves, or for incident responders to decide what needs to be done with the observability data.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Docker" %}}

> By default, the Observability Pipelines Worker's data directory is set to `/var/lib/observability-pipelines-worker`. Please ensure that your host machine has a sufficient amount of storage capacity allocated to the container's mountpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the Observability Pipelines Worker's data directory is set to `/var/lib/observability-pipelines-worker`. Make sure that your host machine has a sufficient amount of storage capacity allocated to the container's mountpoint.
```

```

> `OPW_HOST` is the IP of the load balancer or machine you set up earlier. For single-host Docker-based installs, this will be the IP address of the underlying host. For Kubernetes-based installs, you can retrieve it by running the following command and copying the `EXTERNAL-IP`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`OPW_HOST` is the IP of the load balancer or machine you set up earlier. For single-host Docker-based installs, this is the IP address of the underlying host. For Kubernetes-based installs, you can retrieve it by running the following command and copying the `EXTERNAL-IP`:
```

### Processing logs
The provided logs pipeline does the following:

> - **Collects** logs being sent from the Datadog agent the Observability Pipelines Worker

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Collects** logs sent from the Datadog agent the Observability Pipelines Worker.
```

- **Tag logs coming through the Observability Pipelines Worker.** This helps determine what traffic still needs to be shifted over to the Worker as you update your clusters. These tags also show you how logs are being routed through the load balancer, in case there are imbalances.
- **Correct the status of logs coming through the Worker.** Due to how the Datadog Agent collects logs from containers, the provided `.status` attribute does not properly reflect the actual level of the message. It is removed to prevent issues with parsing rules in the backend, where logs are received from the Worker.

> - **Routes** the logs by dual-shipping the data to both Datadog Metrics and Logs. This demonstrates how easy it is to write to multiple destinations!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Routes** the logs by dual-shipping the data to both Datadog Metrics and Logs.
```
